<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
	<title>Darkest Darkness</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../styles/ebookbuild.css" type="text/css"/>
	<meta charset="utf-8"/>
</head>
<body>
	<h1 class="chapterheading">Mannimarco, King of Worms</h1>

	<h2 class="chapterheading">by Horicles</h2>
   
	<h3 class="chapterheading">Biography of Mannimarco, the leader of Necromancers, in verse</h3>

	<p class="noindent top">O sacred isle Artaeum, where rosy light infuses air,</p>

		<p class="noindent top">O’er towers and through flowers, gentle breezes flow,</p>
		<p>Softly sloping green-kissed cliffs to crashing foam below,</p>
		<p>Always springtide afternoon housed within its border,</p>
		<p>This mystic, mist-protected home of the Psijic Order:</p>
		<p>Those counselors of kings, cautious, wise, and fair.</p>

		<p class="noindent top">Ten score years and thirty since the mighty Remans fell,</p>
		<p>Two brilliant students studied within the Psijics’ fold.</p>
		<p>One’s heart was light and warm, the other dark and cold.</p>
		<p>The madder latter, Mannimarco, whirled in a deathly dance,</p>
		<p>His soul in bones and worms, the way of the necromance.</p>
		<p>Entrapping and enslaving souls, he cast a wicked spell.</p>

		<p class="noindent top">The former, Galerion had magic bold and bright as day.</p>
		<p>He confronted Mannimarco beneath gray Ceporah Tower,</p>
		<p>Saying, ‘Your wicked mysticism is no way to wield your power,</p>
		<p>Bringing horror to the spirit world, your studies must cease.’</p>
		<p>Mannimarco scoffed, hating well the ways of life and peace,</p>
		<p>And returned to his dark artistry; his paints, death and decay.</p>

		<p class="noindent top">O sacred isle Artaeum, how slow to perceive the threat,</p>
		<p>When the ghastly truth revealed, how weak the punishment.</p>
		<p>The ghoulish Mannimarco from the isle of the wise was sent</p>
		<p>To the mainland Dawn’s Beauty, more death and souls to reap.</p>
		<p>‘You have found a wolf, and sent the beast to flocks of sheep,’</p>
		<p>Galerion told his Masters, ‘A terror on Tamriel has set.’</p>

		<p class="noindent top">‘speak no more of him,’ the sage Cloaks of Gray did say.</p>
		<p>‘Twas not the first time Galerion thought his Masters callous,</p>
		<p>Unconcerned for men and mer, aloof in their island palace.</p>
		<p>‘Twas not the first time Galerion thought ’twas time to build</p>
		<p>A new Order to bring true magic to all, a mighty Mages Guild.</p>
		<p>But ’twas the time he left, at last, fair Artaeum’s azure bay.</p>

		<p class="noindent top">O, but sung we have of Vanus Galerion many times before,</p>
		<p>How cast he off the Psijics’ chains, bringing magic to the land.</p>
		<p>Throughout the years, he saw the touch of Mannimarco’s hand,</p>
		<p>Through Tamriel’s deserts, forests, towns, mountains, and seas.</p>
		<p>The dark grip stretching out, growing like some dread disease</p>
		<p>By his dark Necromancers, collecting cursed artifacts of yore.</p>

		<p class="noindent top">They brought to him these tools, mad wizards and witches,</p>
		<p>And brought blood-tainted herbs and oils to his cave of sin,</p>
		<p>Sweet Akaviri poison, dust from saints, sheafs of human skin,</p>
		<p>Toadstools, roots, and much more cluttered his alchemical shelf,</p>
		<p>Like a spider in his web, he sucked all their power into himself,</p>
		<p>Mannimarco, Worm King, world’s first of the undying liches.</p>

		<p class="noindent top">Corruption on corruption, ‘til the rot sunk to his very core,</p>
		<p>Though he kept the name Mannimarco, his body and his mind</p>
		<p>Were but a living, moving corpse as he left humanity behind.</p>
		<p>The blood in his veins became instead a poison acid stew.</p>
		<p>His power and his life increased as his fell collection grew.</p>
		<p>Mightiest were these artifacts, long cursed since days of yore.</p>

		<p class="noindent top">They say Galerion left the Guild, calling it ‘a morass,’</p>
		<p>But untruth is a powerful stream, polluting the river of time.</p>
		<p>Galerion beheld Mannimarco’s rise through powers sublime,</p>
		<p>To his mages and Lamp Knights, ‘Before my last breath,</p>
		<p>Face I must the tyranny of worms, and kill at last, undeath.’</p>
		<p>He led them north to cursed lands, to a mountain pass.</p>

		<p class="noindent top">O those who survived the battle say its like was never seen.</p>
		<p>Armored with magicka, armed with ensorcelled sword and axe,</p>
		<p>Galerion cried, echoing, ‘Worm King, surrender your artifacts,</p>
		<p>And their power to me, and you shall live as befits the dead.’</p>
		<p>A hollow laugh answered, ‘You die first,’ Mannimarco said.</p>
		<p>The mage army then clashed with the unholy force obscene.</p>

		<p class="noindent top">Imagine waves of fire and frost, and the mountain shivers,</p>
		<p>Picture lightning arching forth, crackling in a dragon’s sigh.</p>
		<p>Like leaves, the battlemages fly to rain down from the sky,</p>
		<p>At the Necromancer’s call, corpses burst from earth to fight,</p>
		<p>To be shattered into nothingness with a flood of holy light.</p>
		<p>A maelstrom of energy unleashed, blood cascades in rivers.</p>

		<p class="noindent top">Like a thunderburst in blue skies or a lion’s sudden roar,</p>
		<p>Like sharp razors tearing over delicate embroidered lace,</p>
		<p>So at a touch did Galerion shake the mountain to its base.</p>
		<p>The deathly horde fell fatally, but heeding their dying cries</p>
		<p>From the depths, the thing they called Worm King did rise.</p>
		<p>Nirn itself did scream in the Mage’s and Necromancer’s war</p>

		<p class="noindent top">His eyes burning dark fire, he opened his toothless maw,</p>
		<p>Vomiting darkness with each exhalation of his breath,</p>
		<p>All sucking in the fetid air felt the icy touch of death.</p>
		<p>In the skies above the mountain, darkness overcame pale,</p>
		<p>Then Mannimarco Worm King felt his dismal powers fail:</p>
		<p>The artifacts of death pulled from his putrid skeletal claw.</p>

		<p class="noindent top">A thousand good and evil perished then, history confirms.</p>
		<p>Among, alas, Vanus Galerion, he who showed the way,</p>
		<p>It seemed once that Mannimarco had truly died that day.</p>
		<p>Scattered seemed the Necromancers, wicked, ghastly fools,</p>
		<p>Back to the Mages Guild, victors kept the accursed tools,</p>
		<p>Of him, living still in undeath, Mannimarco, King of Worms.</p>

		<p class="noindent top">Children, listen as the shadows cross your sleeping hutch,</p>
		<p>And the village sleeps away, streets emptied of the crowds,</p>
		<p>And the moons do balefully glare through the nightly clouds,</p>
		<p>And the graveyard’s people rest, we hope, in eternal sleep,</p>
		<p>Listen and you’ll hear the whispered tap of the footsteps creep,</p>
		<p>Then pray you’ll never feel the Worm King’s awful touch.</p>
      
</body>
</html>