<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
   <title>Foreword</title>
   <link rel="stylesheet" href="styles/ebookbuild.css" type="text/css"/>
   <meta charset="utf-8"/>
</head>

<body>
   <h1 class="heading">Editor's Notes</h1>

   <h1 class="subheading">Translation of <i>N’Gasta! Kvata! Kvakis!</i></h1>

   <p class="noindent top">In the lore of <i>The Elder Scrolls</i>, the esoteric text <i>N’Gasta! Kvata! Kvakis!</i> is comprised of three paragraphs written in "Sload" by the necromancer N’Gasta. Sload are a beast race of the same name which are native to an archipelago west of Tamriel called the Coral Kingdoms of Thras.</p>
      <p>However, in reality, the text was written in non-standard Esperanto (referred to by Esperantists as "crocodiling") which is evident due to its use of inconsistent accent letter swapping and non-aggluganative wording which cannot be in any dictionary (or <i>vortaro</i>). Esperanto is the most widely-spoken constructed language in the world and was invented by Polish ophthalmologist L. L. Zamenhof (1859–1917) with the publication of the Russian-language book <i>Dr. Esperanto's International Language</i> (1887).</p>
      <p>I re-introduced the accented letters below</p>

      <p class="noindent-top quote">N’Gasta! Kvata! Kvakis! estas la novaĵletero (aŭ ĝemile) la Ranetauŭ. Ricevas ĝin pagintaj membrauŭ kaj aliaj individuauŭ, kiujn iamaniere tuŝas la raneta aktivado. En ĝi aperas informauŭ unuavice pri la lokauŭ la ĉiumonataj kunvenauŭ, sed nature ankaŭ pri aliaj aktualaj aktivecauŭ la societo. Ne malofte enhastas krome plej diversaspekta materialo eduka aŭ distra.</p>
      <p class="quote">La interreta Kvako (retletera kaj verĵeauŭ) estas unuflanke alternativaj kanalauŭ por distribui la enhavon la papera Kva! Kvak!. Sed aliflanke la enhavauŭ la diversaj verĵeauŭ antaŭvible ne povas kaj eĉ ne vus ĉiam esti centprocente la sama. En malvaste cirkulonta paperfolio ekzemple eblos publikigi ilustraĵauŭn, kiuj pro kopirajtaj kialauŭ ne estas uzeblaj en la interreto. Aliflanke la malaltaj kostauŭ reta distribuo forigas la spacajn limigauŭn kaj permesas pli ampleksan enhavon, por ne paroli pri ĝishora aktualeco.</p>
     <p class="quote">Tiuj cirkonstancauŭ respeguliĝos en la aspekto la Kvakoa, kiu ja cetere servos ankaŭ kiel ĝenerala retejo la ranetauŭ.</p>

   <p class="noindent top">The text has been re-worked into standard Esperanto:</p>

   <p class="noindent-top quote"><i>Kva! Kvak!</i> estas la novaĵletero de La Ranetoj. Ĝi estas sendata al pagantaj membroj kaj aliaj individuoj, kiuj iel ajn partoprenas en la agadoj de La Ranetoj. En ĝi aperas unue informoj pri la lokoj de la ĉiumonataj kunvenoj, sed kompreneble ankaŭ pri la plej freŝaj agadoj de la klubo. Kelkfoje ĝi enhavas ankaŭ alian edukan aŭ distran materialon.</p>
      <p>La interreta Kvako estas unuflanke alia kanalo por distribui la enhavon de la papera versio. Sed aliflanke, ne surprize, la enhavoj de la malsamaj versioj ne povas, kaj eĉ ne devas, ĉiam esti centprocente samaj. Ekzemple, en malmulte cirkulantaj paperaj versioj oni povas publikigi ilustraĵojn, kiuj pro kopirajtaj kialoj ne estas uzeblaj en la interreto. Tamen, aliflanke, la malaltaj kostoj de la interreta versio forigas la spacajn limojn kaj permesas pli da enhavo, sen mencii la ĉiaman aktualecon.</p>
      <p>Tiuj cirkonstancoj influas la retbazitan Kvakon, kiu servos ankaŭ kiel la ĝenerala hejmpaĝo de "La Ranetoj".</p>

   <p class="noindent top">And an English translation...</p>

   <p class="noindent top">Kva! Kvak! is the newsletter of the La Ranetoj. It is sent to paying members and other individuals who, in some way, are involved in la Ranetoj's activities. In it there firstly is information about the locations of the monthly meetings, but of course also concerning the latest activities of the club. Sometimes it also includes other educating or entertaining material.</p>
      <p>The Internet-based Kvako are on the one hand another distribution channel for the contents of the paper version. But on the other hand, not surprisingly, the contents of the different versions cannot, and even must not, always be 100 percent the same. For instance, in little circulating paper versions you can publish illustrations that, for copyright reasons, cannot be used on the Internet. Yet, on the other hand, the low costs of the Internet version lift the space limits and allow more content, not to mention being always up to date.</p>
      <p>These circumstances influence the web-based Kvako, which will also serve as the general homepage of the 'La Ranetoj'."</p>
  
   <h1 class="subheading">Tamriel calendar</h1>

Morndas
Tirdas
Middas
Turdas
Fredas
Loredas
Sundas

   <p class="noindent top">Tamriel has its own calendar which is essentially just a renamed Gregorian calendar centred around daylight hours (or lack thereof) and agricultural planting. Interestingly, the lack of differentiation along with a day being 24 hours also implies that Nirn orbits the Magnus at about the same distance as our Earth orbits the Sun.</p>
      <p>The Argonians have their own names for the months in their native Jel language which has been placed in paratheseis:</p>

   <p class="noindent top">January - Morning Star (Vakka)</p>
   <p class="noindent">February - Sun's Dawn (Xeech)</p>
   <p class="noindent">March - First Seed (Sisei)</p>

   <p class="noindent top">Tamriel has a unique system for measuring the year. In real life and in most franchises, time is measured before or after a certain epoch...</p>

   <hr/>
https://en.uesp.net/wiki/Lore:Sload_(language)
https://en.uesp.net/wiki/Lore:Sload The Dainty Sload
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unua_Libro

https://en.uesp.net/wiki/Lore:Calendar

</body>
</html>